[[2.0625, "Best fried chicken I've had in my life! I loved it! So crispy and the meat is moist and soft.I ordered spicy ones. Soooo yummy!Definitely coming back here."], [1.5848, "The food here is decent! Not bad, not great. It's absolutely one of those gentrified fried chicken joints, but not as blatant as Pies&Thighs. The shrimp & grits were decent, but I've had better (even at Sweet Chick). The hot fried chicken was good! I think the mini cornbread bites were a cute touch as well.The iced tea and lemonade, not the best... The space is tight and if you're trying to get seated quick I suggest knowing their busy hours or else you'll be hugging the block waiting for your name to be called."], [5.030725, "Actually came to this establishment on Easter Sunday in the afternoon, but didn't end up getting inside until the evening. The wait over 60 min wait time was definitely a turn off. Once we entered,  I had white the change of heart. Our waiter was attentive and our meals were served in a timely manner. The fried chicken was pretty delicious and their drinks are strong. On top of that you get a great portion for the (reasonable) price that you pay. Don't see myself coming back for a second time."], [0.9143940000000003, "The food here is pretty tasty. Ambiance is unpretentious, simple and casual. Slightly tight seating. I came for an impromptu brunch with a friend and was impressed. Ive never had eggs so delicious in my life. They were scrambled to perfection--buttery and creamy and cheesy only there was no cheese. How did they do it? My meal also included the famous fried chicken, granola crusted French toast, and grits. The chicken was tasty, well seasoned, crispy yet juicy. The granola French toast was also good as well as the grits. Being that it was my first time, and the placed Is called peaches I wanted to try some peaches with my food. The server was nice enough to bring me some peaches since it wasn't included with my order. Sadly they had an off taste like they were going bad and I couldn't eat them.Service was pretty good and I would return. Because of the tight seating it's not somewhere I would recommend for new company but if you want a chill vibe and good food it's a great neighborhood spot."], [10.297232000000001, "With the Nashville Hot Chicken craze, we wanted to try it out.WAIT: Came on a Saturday around 1:00pm and for the 2 of us it was a 30 minute wait.  You just go and put your name down on a white board and wait for them to call you.ATMOSPHERE: It's pretty small inside, with 2 tables outside and then a bar area where some people sit.  We sat near the window so it was kind of hard to see anything and get the server's attention but it also felt kind of private.  For a larger group I can imagine it would be a long wait.FOOD: If you want straight up chicken, they have a chicken option with 1 side.  The French toast + chicken combo seemed tempting but it was boneless chicken.CHICKEN AND SIDE - you get 3 pieces of fried chicken with bones.  there is a mix of white and dark meat so if you only want dark meat be sure to let them know.  The \"regular\" is basically not spicy and at all, the medium is pretty spicy and then the \"Nashville hot extra spicy\" is ghost peppers and very very spicy.  My husband has a pretty good tolerance and even he was sweating while eating the medium.  The chicken itself is pretty good, but I still like Pies n Thighs better.  The fried chicken is crunchy and moist...but it still had a slight stale taste, not quite as crunchy as Pies n Thighs.  The spicy taste was pretty good, but it's basically just sprinkled on top of the chicken.FRENCH TOAST - granola crusted means it was very crunchy on the outside and not soggy like some French toast I've had.  The bread they use must be special because it was a little yellow.  It's dense and tasty, but not too sweet.  They give you a bourbon peach sauce on the side that you can dip and pour over the French toast.  It was good but a little too sweet, so I preferred maple syrup.  Definitely worth getting though if you enjoy French toast.Overall, worth checking it out once, but since it's pretty far from where we are I don't think we'll be back again."], [2.3122, "Decided to stop by here for brunch before a flight and there were no regrets! I got the Big Jim, which comes with two eggs, prepared however you'd like, a fat piece of fried chicken, French toast, and grits!The fried chicken was amazing!! I got the hot-level spiciness, and they are not kidding when they say hot  I wish they had a mild option because even as an avid sriracha-eater and heat-seeker, I had to pause in between bites of the chicken, even after dunking it in the syrup. The eggs were prepared perfectly and the French toast exceeded my expectations as well. However, I was not the biggest fan of the grits, but that's probably because I might not like grits to begin with.Overall, I would give this place a solid 4 because it is delicious and the service is great. The prices are not bad for a nice sit-down brunch as well."], [-0.39579999999999993, "Came here for a Sunday evening dinner. - To avoid the 2.5-hour brunch wait we came around 5 pm and waited only 25 minutes for a table for 4- I found the famous Fried Chicken to be A-OK, but not as amazing as I had expected from the incredibly rave reviews. There was nothing beyond the flavorful exterior. The white meat was so dry that it was inedible. I think Amy Ruth's Chicken and Waffles in Harlem still fares supreme in my book."], [-0.014656000000000113, "I think the longer I want to try a restaurant, the more disappointed I am? Maybe?Peaches has been on my list FOREVER. I'm constantly going out of my way to try every fried chicken joint in NYC. After about a million years, I went out of my way to Peaches HotHouses.I ordered the fried chicken dinner that comes with three pieces and a side. For the side, I ordered the mac and cheese (duhhh!). What I ended up with was.. meh. I got one thigh and two pieces of white meat. The thigh piece was pretty good - juicy, crunchy although maybe lacking some salt on the skin? The white meat though was so disappointing! White meat doesn't deserve to get deep fried in buttermilk! I'm sure I could have asked for all dark meat, which was my mistake but damn, I was so sad with that white meat. It was so dry, I couldn't finish it. The mac and cheese was decent. Not so cheesy, with a bit of an underwhelming cheese taste, but not bad at all.The wait was a little long as the space is pretty small. The service was great though. Our waiter was super chill, attentive, but not overly in our business. We also ordered cocktails and MAN they were strong! Thanks for the heavy hand on that bourbon.I'm somehow committed to giving Peaches another try. Between the service and the other rave reviews, I feel like it may have been an off night? Either way, I wouldn't mind coming back to try their brunch.PRO TIP: ASK FOR THAT DARK MEAT!"], [2.6875, "My first time eating here and it won't be my last! I'll go for their chicken.  This was some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. The sides are tasty and plentiful. This dish was worth waiting for. Would definitely go back!"], [3.2916, "Atmosphere: lively, small dining room. Waiting is a sign up board, which was a great idea. Cocktail menu: extensive with seasonal selections. Delicious.Entree: Fried chicken with 1 side. I ordered the chicken hot with a side of sauteed kale. Although the chicken had heat, the chicken itself wasn't seasoned. The kale was decent, I had to add hot sauce to give it a bit of tang."], [5.9124, "Fancy comfort food joint.  A bit overpriced for what it is.  However the food is very good, but not over 15 dollars good.  Drinks are very well priced during happy hour and could be a nice place to hangout with friends over alcohol.  For fried chicken I find Popeyes to be just as good for a fraction of the price."], [2.583794, "Nice little soul food spot.  Seating isn't the best but the fried chicken is.  Cool side options.  Have been here for lunch a couple times.  Nice affordable lunch menu.  Had the fried chicken sandwich, pretty good.  Good spot to eat and catch up with friends.  Chill and casual vibe."]]